## About
Everything goes digital these days, and so does money. Today, most people have credit cards, which save us time, energy and nerves. From not having to carry a wallet full of cash to consumer protection, cards make our lives easier in many ways. In this project, you will develop a simple banking system with database.

## Learning outcomes
In this project, you will find out how the banking system works and learn about SQL. We'll also see how Luhn algorithm can help us avoid mistakes when entering the card number. As an overall result, you'll get new experience in Java.
   
This project is a part of the following tracks
**Java Developer Java Web Developer**

### Link
https://hyperskill.org/projects/93

## Requirements

### Class: Account
* Has Account Number
    * Total Length 16 digits (0-9)
        * Generated by system
        * Industry Standard allows up to 19, but this system will always use 16
        * First Digit: Major Industry Identifier (MII)
            * This system's MII is 4
        * First 6 digits: Bank Identification Number (BIN)
            * This system's BIN is 400000
        * Digits 7 - 15 (9 digits): Customer Account Number
            * Industry Standard allows up to 12 digits, but this system will always use 9.
            * Must be unique
        * Last digit: Checksum. Used to validate card number.
            * Initially set to any digit (0-9). Eventually will generate using Luhn's algorithm
* Has PIN Code
    * Generated by system
    * Total length 4 digits (0-9)
* Has Balance
    * Initially hard coded to 0

### Class: Bank
* Has many Accounts
* Can create Accounts
* Can return Account by account number
    
### Class: Main
* Creates a Bank
* Prompts user to select an option
    * If user is not logged in:
        * 1- Create an account
        * 2- Log into account
        * 0- Exit
    * If user is logged in:
        * 1- Balance
        * 2- Log out
        * 0- Exit
* Receives user input, validates, triggers actions, and prints messages.

## Stages

### Stage #1: Card Anatomy
Link: https://hyperskill.org/projects/93/stages/515/implement
